add examples for id attribute in ldap section (#3372)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The attribute in the AD/LDAP server used as a unique identifier in Mattermost. It should be an AD/LDAP attribute with a value that does not change.

> If a user's ID Attribute changes, it will create a new Mattermost account unassociated with their old one. Therefore we recommend setting this to a unique attribute like ``objectGUID`` in Active Directory and ``entryUUID`` in LDAP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user's ID Attribute changes, a new Mattermost account (unassociated with the previous one) is created. To prevent this, it's recommended that a unique attribute such as ``objectGUID`` in Active Directory and ``entryUUID`` in LDAP be used instead. 
```

> Please check with your LDAP provider first to see if these attributes are available in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before making any changes confirm with your LDAP provider whether these attributes are available in your environment.
```
